Examples inter as a (#173)
boucadair/attachment-circuit-model: draft-ietf-opsawg-teas-attachment-circuit.md

{: #cloud-provider-ac-res title="Message Body of a Response to the Request to Create ACs for Connecting to the Cloud Provider"}

## Connect Customer Network (CE) through BGP Peering

> CE-PE routing using BGP (Border Gateway Protocol) is a common scenario in the context of MPLS (Multiprotocol Label Switching) VPNs and is widely employed in enterprise networks. In this example, the CE (Customer Edge) routers are customer-owned devices belonging to an autonomous system (AS 1234). CEs are located at the edge of the provider's network (PE, or Provider Edge) and will use point-to-point interfaces to establish the BGP session. The Point to point interfaces uses a physical bearer (Line-113) to reach the provider network.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
CE-PE routing using BGP is a common scenario in the context of MPLS VPNs and is widely used in enterprise networks. In the example depicted below, the CE routers are customer-owned devices belonging to an Autonomous System (ASN 65536). CEs are located at the edge of the provider's network (PE, or Provider Edge) and use point-to-point interfaces to establish BGP sessions. The point-to-point interfaces relies upon a physical bearer (Line-113) to reach the provider network.
```

~~~~ aasvg
+------------------------+                       +-------------------+
|  Provider Network      |                       | Customer Network  |
|                        |                       |                   |
|        +------------+  |  Attachment-Circuit 1 | +-------+         |

> |        | PE1(VRF11) +----------------------------+ CE1   |  AS1234 |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|        | PE1(VRF11) +----------------------------+ CE1   | AS65536 |
```
